import { Container } from "@mui/material";
import Layout from "@/components/layout.tsx";
import { CookieSettings } from "@/components/cookie-banner";

# Cookie Policy

This Cookie Policy explains how failfa.st ("we", "us", or "our") uses cookies and similar
technologies to recognize, collect, and store information when you visit our website, use our
services, or interact with our content. This policy is designed to help you understand what cookies
are, why we use them, and your choices regarding their use.

## What are cookies?

Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or device by websites that you visit.
They are widely used to make websites work, or to improve the efficiency of a website, as well as to
provide information to the website's owners. Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies.
Persistent cookies remain on your device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as
soon as you close your web browser.

## How we use cookies

We use cookies for several purposes, including:

1.  **Necessary**: These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our website and services. They enable core features such as user authentication, security, and site navigation. Without these cookies, our website may not function properly.

2.  **Session**: These cookies are temporary and are deleted when you close your browser. They are used to remember your preferences and settings for the duration of your visit to our website.

3.  **First Party**: These cookies are set by our website and are used to improve your browsing experience, remember your preferences, and provide personalized content.

4.  **Third Party**: We use third-party services to enhance your experience on our website, and these services may set cookies on your device. Examples of these services include embedded YouTube videos and CodeSandbox embeds. These cookies are subject to the privacy policies of the respective third-party service providers.

5.  **Marketing**: These cookies are used to deliver relevant advertisements and promotional content to you based on your browsing behavior and interests.

6.  **Preferences**: These cookies are used to remember your preferences and settings on our website, such as your preferred language, display options, and other customization features.

7.  **Statistics**: These cookies help us understand how visitors interact with our website by collecting and reporting information anonymously. This information helps us improve our website and services.


<CookieSettings />


## Functional cookies we use

Here is a list of the main functional cookies we use, and a brief description of their purpose:

-   next-auth: These cookies are used to manage user authentication and maintain user sessions. It
    enables features such as remembering your login status and providing a secure user experience.

## Third-party cookies we use

Here is a list of the main third-party cookies we use, and a brief description of their purpose:

-   YouTube: We embed YouTube videos on our website, which may result in YouTube setting cookies on
    your device. YouTube uses these cookies to track your interactions with the videos and for other
    purposes as described in their privacy policy, which can be found at
    [https://policies.google.com/privacy](https://policies.google.com/privacy).

-   CodeSandbox: We use CodeSandbox embeds to provide interactive coding examples on our website.
    CodeSandbox may set cookies on your device for purposes such as tracking your interactions with
    the embedded content. For more information about CodeSandbox's privacy practices, please refer
    to their privacy policy at
    [https://codesandbox.io/legal/privacy](https://codesandbox.io/legal/privacy).

## Your choices regarding cookies

You can control and manage cookies in various ways. Please keep in mind that removing or blocking
cookies may impact your user experience and some features may not function properly.

Most web browsers allow you to control cookies through their settings preferences. To learn more
about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them,
visit [www.aboutcookies.org](https://www.aboutcookies.org) or
[www.allaboutcookies.org](https://www.allaboutcookies.org).

In addition to browser-based cookie controls, some third-party services we use may offer additional
opt-out mechanisms. For example, you can opt-out of some third-party cookies used for advertising
purposes by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative's opt-out page at
[https://optout.networkadvertising.org](https://optout.networkadvertising.org).

## Changes to this Cookie Policy

We reserve the right to update this Cookie Policy at any time to reflect changes in our practices,
services, or legal requirements. When we make changes to the Cookie Policy, we will update the "last
updated" date at the bottom of the policy and, where appropriate, notify you by email or through a
prominent notice on our website. We encourage you to review this Cookie Policy periodically to stay
informed about our use of cookies and your choices regarding their use.

Your continued use of our Services after any changes to this Cookie Policy constitutes your
acceptance of the updated Policy. If you do not agree to the changes, please discontinue your use of
our Services.

If you have any questions or concerns about this Cookie Policy, please contact us using the
information provided in the Imprint (Site Notice) or Data Policy.

Last updated: 2023-04-18

export default ({ children }) => (
	<Layout>
		<Container>{children}</Container>
	</Layout>
);
