import { Container } from "@mui/material";
import Layout from "@/components/layout.tsx";

# Data Policy

## 1\. Purpose and Scope

This Data Policy ("Policy") outlines the policies and practices for the collection, use, and
disclosure of personal data by \[Your Company Name\] ("we", "us", or "our") in connection with our
website \[Your Website URL\] and related services (collectively, the "Services"). This Policy is
intended to help users of our Services ("you", "your", or "user") understand what personal data we
collect, why we collect it, and how we process it in accordance with the General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws.

By using our Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to the terms of
this Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy, please do not use our Services.

## 2\. Personal Data Collected

We collect and process the following categories of personal data from you:

a. Account Information: When you sign up for our Services using your Google or GitHub account, we
collect your name, email address, profile picture, and any other information you choose to provide.

b. Usage Data: We collect information about your usage of our Services, including the pages you
visit, the features you use, and the time you spend on our platform.

c. YouTube Data: When you interact with YouTube videos on our website, YouTube may collect data
about your interactions as per their privacy policy.

d. Cookies and Similar Technologies: We use cookies and similar technologies to collect information
about your device, browser, and how you interact with our Services.

e. Other Data: We may also collect any other data you voluntarily provide to us, such as feedback,
comments, or other communications.

## 3\. Legal Basis for Processing

We process your personal data in accordance with the GDPR and other applicable data protection laws.
Our legal basis for processing your personal data depends on the specific context in which we
collect it:

a. Consent: We may process your personal data based on your explicit consent, such as when you sign
up for our Services using your Google or GitHub account, or when you agree to the use of cookies.

b. Legitimate Interests: We may process your personal data to pursue our legitimate interests, such
as improving our Services, ensuring their security, or understanding how users interact with our
platform. We will always ensure that our legitimate interests do not override your rights and
freedoms.

c. Fulfilling a Contract: We may process your personal data to fulfill a contract with you or take
steps at your request before entering into a contract, such as providing you with access to our
Services.

d. Legal Obligations: We may process your personal data to comply with our legal obligations, such
as responding to lawful requests from public authorities or maintaining records for tax purposes.

## 4\. Data Processing Purposes

We process your personal data for the following purposes:

a. Providing and Improving Services: We use your personal data to provide you with access to our
Services, to personalize your experience, and to improve the overall quality of our Services.

b. Communication: We use your personal data to communicate with you, respond to your inquiries, and
provide you with updates on our Services.

c. Security: We use your personal data to protect the security and integrity of our Services, to
prevent unauthorized access, and to investigate and address any potential security incidents.

d. Token Limit Management: We use your personal data to determine and enforce token limits on our
platform, ensuring fair usage of our Services among all users.

e. Legal Compliance: We use your personal data to comply with our legal obligations, including
responding to lawful requests from public authorities and maintaining records for tax purposes.

## 5\. Data Retention

We will retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was
collected, in accordance with our data retention policies and applicable laws. The criteria used to
determine the retention period include:

a. The duration of your relationship with us, such as the time you remain a registered user of our
Services.

b. The existence of a legal obligation to retain personal data, such as tax or accounting
regulations.

c. The need to retain personal data to protect our legal interests, resolve disputes, or enforce our
agreements.

When your personal data is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, we will
securely delete or anonymize it, in accordance with applicable laws and our internal data retention
policies.

## 6\. Data Sharing and Transfers

We may share your personal data with third parties under the following circumstances:

a. Third-Party Service Providers: We use third-party service providers to help us deliver, maintain,
and improve our Services. These providers may access and process your personal data as necessary to
perform their services. Our service providers include Vercel (website hosting) and Hetzner (data
storage). We have agreements in place with these service providers to ensure that they process your
personal data in accordance with our instructions and applicable data protection laws.

b. YouTube: We embed YouTube videos on our website, which may result in YouTube collecting data
about your interactions with the videos as per their privacy policy.

c. Legal Obligations: We may disclose your personal data to public authorities, law enforcement
agencies, or other third parties when required to do so by law, or to protect our rights and
interests, or the rights and interests of our users and partners.

d. Business Transfers: In the event of a merger, acquisition, or other business transfer, we may
disclose your personal data to the relevant parties, provided that they agree to protect your
personal data in accordance with this Policy.

As our service providers and some third parties are located outside the European Union, your
personal data may be transferred to countries that may have different data protection standards. We
ensure that adequate safeguards are in place to protect your personal data, in accordance with the
GDPR and other applicable laws.

## 7\. User Rights

Under the GDPR and other applicable data protection laws, you have various rights regarding your
personal data. These rights include:

a. Right of Access: You have the right to request access to the personal data we hold about you.

b. Right to Rectification: You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate or
incomplete personal data we hold about you.

c. Right to Erasure: You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data under certain
circumstances, such as when your personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it
was collected.

d. Right to Restrict Processing: You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of
your personal data under certain circumstances, such as when you contest the accuracy of your
personal data or object to its processing.

e. Right to Data Portability: You have the right to request that we provide you with a copy of your
personal data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, or that we transmit your
personal data to another controller, where technically feasible.

f. Right to Object: You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data for direct
marketing purposes or when our processing is based on our legitimate interests, unless we can
demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights,
and freedoms.

g. Right to Withdraw Consent: If our processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you
have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note that withdrawal of consent does not
affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.

To exercise any of your rights, please contact us using the contact information provided in this
Policy. We will respond to your request within one month, in accordance with the GDPR and other
applicable laws.

## 8\. Data Protection Measures

We take the security of your personal data very seriously and have implemented technical and
organizational measures to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, disclosure,
alteration, or destruction. These measures include:

a. Secure data storage: Your personal data is stored on secure servers provided by Hetzner in
Germany.

b. Encryption: We use encryption to protect your personal data when it is transmitted between your
device and our servers, as well as when it is stored on our servers.

c. Access control: We restrict access to your personal data to our employees, contractors, and
service providers who need access to the data to perform their duties and are subject to strict
confidentiality obligations.

d. Regular audits and updates: We regularly review and update our security measures to ensure they
remain effective and in line with industry standards.

Please note that no method of data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
While we strive to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 

## 9\. Third-Party Service Providers

We use the following third-party service providers to process your personal data:

a. Vercel: We use Vercel for website hosting. Vercel processes your personal data in accordance with
their privacy policy, which can be found at
[https://vercel.com/legal/privacy-policy](https://vercel.com/legal/privacy-policy).

b. Hetzner: We use Hetzner for data storage. Hetzner processes your personal data in accordance with
their privacy policy, which can be found at
[https://www.hetzner.com/rechtliches/datenschutz](https://www.hetzner.com/rechtliches/datenschutz).

c. YouTube: We embed YouTube videos on our website, which may result in YouTube collecting data
about your interactions with the videos. YouTube processes your personal data in accordance with
their privacy policy, which can be found at
[https://policies.google.com/privacy](https://policies.google.com/privacy).

d. Google: We allow users to sign in using their Google accounts. Google processes your personal
data in accordance with their privacy policy, which can be found at
[https://policies.google.com/privacy](https://policies.google.com/privacy).

e. GitHub: We allow users to sign in using their GitHub accounts. GitHub processes your personal
data in accordance with their privacy policy, which can be found at
[https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement).

We have agreements in place with these third-party service providers to ensure that they process
your personal data in accordance with our instructions and applicable data protection laws. We also
ensure that adequate safeguards are in place to protect your personal data when it is processed by
these service providers.

## 10\. Data Breach Notification

In the event of a personal data breach, we will take appropriate measures to address the breach,
including notifying the relevant data protection authority and affected users, in accordance with
the GDPR and other applicable laws.

If we become aware of a personal data breach that is likely to result in a high risk to your rights
and freedoms, we will notify you without undue delay. The notification will include, where possible,
the nature of the breach, the categories and approximate number of affected users, the likely
consequences of the breach, the measures we have taken or propose to take to address the breach, and
contact information for further inquiries.

## 11\. Contact Information

If you have any questions or concerns about this Data Policy, or if you would like to exercise your
rights under the GDPR or other applicable data protection laws, please contact us using the
information below:

failfa.st

Gregor Adams, Dominik Hautau, Tim Pietrusky  
Nonnenstieg 30, 20149, Hamburg  
Email: info@failfa.st

## 12\. Policy Updates

We reserve the right to update this Data Policy at any time to reflect changes in our practices,
services, or legal requirements. When we make changes to the Data Policy, we will update the "last
modified" date at the top of the Policy and, where appropriate, notify you by email or through a
prominent notice on our website. We encourage you to review this Data Policy periodically to stay
informed about our data protection practices.

Your continued use of our Services after any changes to this Data Policy constitutes your acceptance
of the updated Policy. If you do not agree to the changes, please discontinue your use of our
Services.

Last updated: 2023-04-18

export default ({ children }) => (
	<Layout>
		<Container>{children}</Container>
	</Layout>
);
