import { Container } from "@mui/material";
import Layout from "@/components/layout.tsx";

# Imprint

Information pursuant to § 5 TMG (Telemediengesetz - German Telemedia Act):

failfa.st

Gesellschaft bürgerlichen Rechts (GbR)

Nonnenstieg 30, 20149, Hamburg

Represented by: Gregor Adams, Dominik Hautau, Tim Pietrusky

## Contact

Email: info@failfa.st

Responsible for content according to § 55 Abs. 2 RStV (Rundfunkstaatsvertrag - Interstate
Broadcasting Agreement):  

Gregor Adams, Dominik Hautau, Tim Pietrusky

## Dispute resolution

The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (ODR):
[https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr](https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr). Our e-mail address can be
found in the Imprint above.

We are not willing or obliged to participate in dispute resolution proceedings before a consumer
arbitration board.

## Liability for content

As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages according to § 7 Abs.1
TMG (Telemediengesetz) and general laws. However, according to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, we are not obliged to
monitor transmitted or stored external information or to investigate circumstances that indicate
illegal activity.

Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected.
However, liability in this regard is only possible from the time of knowledge of a specific
infringement. Upon becoming aware of such violations, we will remove this content immediately.

## Liability for links

Our offer contains links to external websites of third parties, on whose contents we have no
influence. Therefore, we cannot assume any liability for these external contents. The respective
provider or operator of the pages is always responsible for the contents of the linked pages. The
linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time of linking. Illegal content was
not recognizable at the time of linking.

However, a permanent content control of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence
of a violation of law. Upon becoming aware of violations, we will remove such links immediately.

## Copyright

The content and works created by the site operators on these pages are subject to German copyright
law. Duplication, processing, distribution, or any form of commercialization of such material beyond
the scope of the copyright law shall require the prior written consent of its respective author or
creator. Downloads and copies of this site are only permitted for private, non-commercial use.

Insofar as the content on this site was not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties
are respected. In particular, third-party content is marked as such. Should you still become aware
of a copyright infringement, please inform us accordingly. Upon becoming aware of violations, we
will remove such content immediately.

export default ({ children }) => (
	<Layout>
		<Container>{children}</Container>
	</Layout>
);
